My student number is: 201606245.

The last two digits are X = 45.

The index of my exam assignment is thus i = X mod N = 45 mod 22 = 1.

This is the assignment titled "Cubic (sub-)spline for data with derivatives".

STRUCTURE:

	subspline.cs:
	My implemented subspline routine is found in the file subspline.cs. This file contains the
	entire routine, which has been expanded to allow for continuous second derivatives as
	suggested in the 'extra' assignment, and it can also return the 1st and 2nd derivative as
	well as the integral (from x0 to x).

	main.cs:
	The main.cs file creates (almost) all the table values used to test the subspline routine,
	and prints it in two .txt files ("tabValSin.txt and "tabValBessel.txt").
	main.cs also calls the subspline routine and prints out the subspline results to two other
	.txt files ("splineSin.txt" and "splineBessel.txt").
	The data used to test the subspline is from the sine function and the zeroth spherical
	Bessel function. The data for the zeroth spherical Bessel function is generated by solving
	the appropriate differential equation. I have done this using my own implemented rk45 solver.

	tabValJ0Int.txt: This small .txt file is created by echo'ing a few lines directly in the
	Makefile. This file contains a few tabulated data points for the so-called Sine integral,
	and is used as comparision points for the subspline integral of the zeroth spherical Bessel
	function. The tabulated data points have been looked up on wolframalpha.com.
	
	SinPlot.svg: This .svg file shows 4 figures that demonstrate the results of the subspline,
	including the 1st and 2nd derivatives and the integral, when applied to a set of tabulated
	sin(x) and sin'(x) values.
	
	BesselPlot.svg: This .svg file shows 4 figures that demonstrate the results of the subspline,
	including the 1st and 2nd derivatives and the integral, when applied to a set of tabulated
	j0(x) and j0'(x) values.

	report.pdf:
	In report.pdf (via "report.tex") I've written slightly more than a page about how the
	subspline coefficients have been determined, and a few general remarks to BesselPlot.svg.


Remark:
There is nothing but data in the .txt files. The demonstration lies entirely in the two .svg
files, and any extra comments are in the report.
